I found nothing wrong with trying to ask him for a day.
And here I did a test.
And do that testimony on the part of General Ryan.
Would you say that these blacked-out things within the cake that
trained instead of as Brian first joined to the dance pool,
joined the movie, instead of that he was doing the work
with him from Gage and Wimley helping out to explore
the time he was in for a day.
Would you say that instead of being blacked-out?
They're perhaps a bit white.
According to what you're trying to make black and white stand for
as if you might have something there.
So that I actually feel that my I know nothing about what the
expected general found.
I have not read and speak a recording detail.
And as I recall General Ryan sent to the money I don't think he
did just close with what the expected general found.
I feel that if this is not a choice to try to be the
be all and end all of the army's case, all it shows is a record of
absence is a shine.
This is can be proven that he was working on committee business
throughout all that space.
This is not the case.
It was.
If it were not, this is just only a link in the chain.
I think I've been in the hands.
I think I've been in the hands of one person.
And be of the fact that there's no testimony here.
Even after the expected general's investigation.
But what you're saying is not doing committee work.
You have not taken upon yourself.
You're not doing committee work.
Most of all, I wouldn't take it upon myself.
Now, on view of the fact that you have the expected general
investigation, you have the fact you have the
promised testimony that you're doing committee work.
Can you tell me the role of any special consideration,
any special privilege to sign the law to give up information
about coming up.
Information can be picked up over here in here instead of going
for that.
I see nothing wrong in sign working when he says these
claims.
Senator Concord?
Senator MacArthur, you can go in.
Here I have an announcement to make.
He wants to give the attention to Mr. Walsh and to some
of the traffic.
At 9.30 tomorrow morning, come for you at 9.30 tomorrow morning
in 357.
I'm calling an executive committee meeting.
At which time I want to confer with the committee members Mr.
Walsh and Mr. MacArthur about the problem of monitoring
phone calls, if we can't get a settle once and for all of that
time to get it.
I want to apologize and say I could be there at 9.30.
I cannot be there at 9.30 tomorrow.
We've got 30 personally and I appreciate you making it
between 4.30.
We've got the definite judgment.
I guess you have a member of the committee.
Mr. Chairman, might I inquire?
You've found a letter to Mr. Walsh.
Correct.
Is that again hint of the call available?
Mr. Walsh.
I think it is.
He did not get delivered to my office before 5.30.
He never did the Mr. Chairman.
We have a meeting following Bob.
Our agenda.
The other member has problems.
Let me tell you, Mr. Walsh,
who is the leader of the committee.
About 1.30.
1.30.
John, be alert.
You and the people of the 1.30 tomorrow have to know.
1.30.